Naoya, what are you doing? Class?
I just wanted to see what you’ve been up to this week.
That’s Professor Uchida’s class, right?
She’ll have a lot of material for you,
so you’ll understand precisely what you’re getting.
Yes.
Many videos are used in this class, and the materials are always
available, so it is convenient because you can review them later.
If you can study while looking at different materials,
you can understand them faster.
It must be challenging because the professor also prepared
many photos and videos for the class. It must be difficult.
Yeah, if she is doing it alone.
But when I look at the class materials, I see URLs or the titles of papers.
So, maybe the professor doesn’t make them all.
I think the professor is letting people use what others have made.
I see. As expected, she can’t do it alone.
Speaking of using materials made by others,
this reminds me of a video I made the other day.
People who tried to upload my videos to social media or change them.
Yes, I’m sorry about that. I should have gotten permission
from Kasumi, the copyright owner, before doing it.
Professors are using what others have created in their classes, right?
This video is one example as are the paper materials
that are handed out during face-to-face classes...
That’s what I’ve heard.
When professors also use materials made by others as class materials,
I am still wondering if they are contacting that person and getting permission.
We copied newspaper articles and distributed them for group work in class.
We didn’t contact the newspaper or anything.
Is that okay?
Professor, what’s going on?